this video is AI generated so I just
reviewed Sora this was like a week and a
half ago it was open ai's video
generation model and it was really
impressive uh was until Google showed up
so they've just unveiled their latest
and greatest probably inspired by Sora
just getting announced but the scary
thing is it's already noticeably better
than Sora see Sora would struggle with
some predictable things I talked about
in my video things like physics and
moving objects and vo already seem to be
significantly better at that stuff
specifically so Sora would often have
dead giveaways just in the movement of
things or in the physics of things
moving around in a frame and vo would
tackle the same prompt and make a much
more convincing at least physical
version of that movement and so with
these starting to show up a lot of
people are reacting like oh you know
well these are just the best handpicked
versions that Google is showing us maybe
it's not that much better but I've had
access to V2 for a couple of days now
and I've been doing a lot of prompting a
lot of back-to-back testing with Sora
and yeah it's it's better than Sora now
it's certainly not perfect there are
definitely still dead giveaways in there
of AI generated video especially with
garbled text that still happens a lot
also when you try to do a whole bunch of
things in one scene or really really
complicated physics things then it can
still sort of break down and also this
version that I'm testing doesn't have
nearly as many controls as Sora it feels
like they rushed it out to match the
open AI announcement but there's no
resolution controls or picking the
length of the video for example but to
me this really feels like the difference
between using a little bit of YouTube
data that they're getting away with
versus owning YouTube and just just
using all of it YouTube just added that
button I think it's in Labs where
creators can opt out of thirdparty
scraping of videos for AI training but
that's just third party stuff that
doesn't say anything about Google not
being able to use it but yeah it's clear
that things are already evolving very
quickly in the video generation space
which as a video
creator are are we cooked cuz